.TH "cpplint.FileInfo" 3 "Wed Apr 20 2016" "Incendie" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cpplint.FileInfo \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits object\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBFullName\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBRepositoryName\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBSplit\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBBaseName\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBExtension\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBNoExtension\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBIsSource\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Provides utility functions for filenames.

FileInfo provides easy access to the components of a file's path
relative to the project root.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def cpplint\&.FileInfo\&.BaseName ( self)"

.PP
.nf
File base name - text after the final slash, before the final period.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def cpplint\&.FileInfo\&.Extension ( self)"

.PP
.nf
File extension - text following the final period.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def cpplint\&.FileInfo\&.FullName ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Make Windows paths like Unix.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def cpplint\&.FileInfo\&.IsSource ( self)"

.PP
.nf
File has a source file extension.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def cpplint\&.FileInfo\&.NoExtension ( self)"

.PP
.nf
File has no source file extension.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def cpplint\&.FileInfo\&.RepositoryName ( self)"

.PP
.nf
FullName after removing the local path to the repository.

If we have a real absolute path name here we can try to do something smart:
detecting the root of the checkout and truncating /path/to/checkout from
the name so that we get header guards that don't include things like
"C:\Documents and Settings\..." or "/home/username/..." in them and thus
people on different computers who have checked the source out to different
locations won't see bogus errors.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def cpplint\&.FileInfo\&.Split ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Splits the file into the directory, basename, and extension.

For 'chrome/browser/browser.cc', Split() would
return ('chrome/browser', 'browser', '.cc')

Returns:
  A tuple of (directory, basename, extension).

.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Incendie from the source code\&.
